Perhaps I've read too much science fiction, but I can't help
thinking that the way out of this protracted battle over universal
health care is a good ol' Edgar Allan Poe/Michael Crichton-style
plague. Who's going to bicker over access to medical care or
insurance deductibles if one wet cough from a busboy kills all the
rack o' lamb-eating small government advocates in the restaurant?
Who's going to fight against pre-existing condition coverage when
it becomes frighteningly clear that we are all, rich and poor,
smart and stupid, cute and inbred, swimming in the exact same
bacterial soup? I'm betting no one. Because when that day
happens, helping a sick person get well will not be an act of
mercy or generosity. It will be the very definition of
selfishness. And if history has taught us anything, selfishness
rocks the casbah. Of course, there is plenty of sci-fi literature
that takes this story down an even darker path. It involves
everyone with a wet cough getting rounded up at gunpoint and
trucked into "rehabilitation camps" in North Dakota. A privileged
young man, raised on rack o' lamb, sees their suffering and
sacrifices himself in order to lead them to a free clinic in
Canada. When things are looking particularly grim in their march
out of viral bondage, a small government advocate smiles cruelly
and says to the young man, "Where's your health insurance now,
Moses?"