I had a recurring dream as a child that left an indelible mark on
me. Unlike my other dreams, this one had no recognizable images,
no mommies or daddies, no friends, relatives, teachers, scary
monsters or scrappy Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek. �This dream was
simply a field of darkness and light fighting to dominate my
mental screen. That was it. �For what seemed like long periods of
time, I would bear silent witness to a cosmic struggle between
malicious, inky blackness and radiant, life-affirming light. �I
would, of course, be pulling for the light to win. �But it never
did. �No matter how much I willed it, light could never maintain
the field of view. �Darkness would always come crawling back,
invading the space and ultimately taking over. �It was both
exhausting and upsetting.� Thankfully, at some point during early
adolescence, the dream stopped, never to return. �Looking back, I
see it as no more than an immature mind's attempt to reconcile
good and evil. �I understand now that the world is not nearly that
simple. �Those two opposing forces do not actually exist. They
are evaluations. Opinions. �And yet, my mind continually tries to
manifest them as being real.� I catch myself doing it whenever I
toggle back and forth between MSNBC and Fox News playing out their
cable TV version of my childhood dream. �The only difference is
that I'm an adult now. I understand that Roger Ailes thinks he's
on the side of the light.